# Spa Day

## 1 - Bamboo Sticks

It was a crazy adventure. But your smile always drives me to jump into crazy adventures, and there was no listening to my rational mind when your eyes inspire me to live! 

She couldn't make it to join you for the magical spa and, already knowing the answer: "It would be fun to go by myself, but you also seem to need to relax! Would you want to join? I can invite", you joked letting your face draw a chain of expressions... It makes so much sense that you became an artist when you are so expressive. 

"It would be a dream", I answered softly and truthfully, before getting back into my rational persona, "but that would make it feel that my plan was this all along. I just did this because I truly think you could use a break, and that you deserve it. But of course, it would be a magical adventure, and Polaroids on a yukata sounds like a lot of fun. But I would feel thinking I've pressured you into this". 

You looked at me. It has been just a few weeks of talking. But damn, WHAT intense few weeks. We have laughed, learned, got teary eyes and discovered so much about each other. It had been incredibly weird, but even more magical. I could tell in your face that it hasn't been a moment when you didn't feel held and taken care of... And true, it is not always an easy dynamic to navigate, but I could read what your smile was clearly telling me: I don't know how it will go, but I know it will be fun and that it will be nice to explore. 

"I know you didn't do it for this, dah. But it could be fun. I thought about it and... I think it would be nice to share it with you! If it floats your boat, of course!". I smiled. Nodded. You could see the excitement in my eyes. And you could read in them that I would love spending time with you, and you would be gently cared for and completely respected... There will be no expectation. Ever. 

"Indeed. It is not like if I called your friend and made sure that she couldn't make it... I mean WHAAAT". I dropped it with a smile, stood up to refill the water, and we quickly moved to something else. 

Days passed, and the moment came to us. We joked about it, but didn't really make a big deal, but I have to admit I was equally excited and nervous. I had been dreaming of trying that place for a long time, and it was so exciting to finally do it. I picked you up like a normal day and, as usual, we talked about everything and nothing on our long way to the venue; getting into the familiar rhythms of our chats and silences. We both danced around the elephant in the room till, almost at the end of the bus trip, I asked: "What if the swimsuits they give are like the least flattering in the world.... Did... Did you bring extra? 🥹 I really don't have extra". You looked back at me. Slapped my arm. Put your hand on your face. "But whyyyy?". That was enough for us to start joking about it. 

The walk to the venue is green and gorgeous, even on that grey day, and I couldn't pass the opportunity to start snapping pictures of you with on that simple and comfy fit posing through the arcs. Your style surprises me every time. I never get used to it –and I never want to. But there is something raw and intimate in your comfort fits that I can't get enough of. 

We giggled our way through the entrance, picked the card for the twin-bed room and gushed over how pretty everything was. I admired how graceful you were while you started documenting everything for posterity. Or, at least, for the gram. It was a small room but so thematic, and I jumped first into the bathroom to get into the swimming trunks and yukata (after you finished recording the bathroom, of course), making me feel like I was in a dream. I sat on the small balcony that we had, giving you a chance to get ready, and when I turned around... wow.

You are meant to live in those flowy robes. It hugged and snugged the right places while effortlessly falling, failing to restrain your shapes. Your face was flushed, both for the warmth of the room and the situation, and the loosely tied robe let your legs out with every movement. I could just stare. I gave a glimpse of the Polaroid camera, thinking this craziness would already be worth it if we could keep one picture like this... but very quickly decided now was the moment to enjoy you. Without lenses. Without pretensions. Just... me admiring the most graceful and gorgeous Yin I have ever come across. 

"Soo..?", you asked, basking in the attention but getting out of a long pause. "Yeah I don't think you will need the reserve swimsuit", I said, standing up and looking at you, in one of those rare occasions I let me openly get a good look for all the details, guiding you to twirl around, "I know this is awful to say but I can't not say it... you were made for this. Miss", I couldn't hold your eyes while the words raced through my mouth, not being able to filter or process any of this, "you belong in robes, abundance, care, love, and somewhere you are appreciated just for being there", my hands landed on your arms, centering my eyes on yours, "I don't care about what is right or wrong, but you can't convince me that you don't belong here. And now. Everything that happened for you to be here... it must have been EXACTLY what it was supposed to happen". I breathe out. Centring myself. Turning from your biggest fan into a Yan version of myself. I smiled. "Thank you", you said, both overwhelmed and fuzzy from being so intensely seen by me.. You should be used to me at this point!

We walked through the halls with the funny clack of our slippers, exploring this idyllic place while being surprisingly close to each other, but never uncomfortable. It was the middle of the week, and the venue was almost empty, so we could spend hours in the warm bath doing a little bit of nothing.  The steam covered the entire room, and after we cleaned ourselves up and left the robe on the side, I found you beaming with a smile while, very carefully, you started stepping into those warm and relaxing waters.

You look at home in your flowy, sensual, feminine clothes, but all the love and care you put into yourself also shines when there is only a less-than-flowy one-piece swimsuit. You looked like a mermaid. Captivating. Fascinating. But I couldn't get my eyes off your smile. 

It seems that it finally sank in for you. You were there. What a crazy week. What a crazy month. Both magical, awful, dreamy, and you couldn't even process what's going on. A foot got into the water. Warm. Calming. You kept stepping in. You were here. Out of nowhere, suddenly your life had this. I could see your eyes reaching out to me, while I just kept soaking in your happiness, answering with a smile. "Thank you", you mouthed softly, mostly telling yourself. You saw me nodding back, and from that moment on, you decided to jump into this crazy new adventure and enjoy it for what it was.

It is easier to let go and flow with it when you are literally floating in a warm pool with a gorgeous view and having all your senses calmed down through sound, touch, smell, and heat. We both got lost in ourselves and the moment, and time just disappeared. At times, we stayed together in silence, but the majority of the time, we forgot about the world, each other, and everything, and we were just there. 

It was the shortest ninety minutes of my life. But, when I realised, still trying to be organising things in the background so you didn't have to spend a thought on any of this, I reached out for you and stayed there, floating centimetres from your smile. Moments passed. "Hej". You smiled. "I have some bad news", I said, "there are some very hot bamboo sticks waiting for you... And I'm scared what they would do with them if they are a date". Your eyes smiled back. "Take your time, I'll come back if we need to hurry". I squeezed your shoulder and stepped out, breathing in the moment. I remember myself ‘This is not a date’, but it felt like the kind of moment I would dream one to be.

We parted ways for the treatment, as, for what you told me, yours was as intense and necessary as mine. It feels odd to have someone exploring my body... But they clearly knew what they were doing. When we met after, your face turned from the continuous smile you kept from the beginning to a relaxed, happy, fulfilled and drained expression... Drained off all the bad energy. You tested your head for a moment of my shoulder. There were no words necessary, I could feel your gratitude for the experience... But, if I'm honest, I would do it a thousand times more to see your expression of complete surrender to the moment again. I put my arms through your hip and we walked back to get ready for dinner. 

There was no need for words on this part. We reconnected with ourselves while mentally getting ready for some food. Well, you focused on your phone and finding yourself, while I couldn't stop stealing looks from you. I lied before. You belonged in this robe, and I was extremely happy that we decided to keep it for ourselves, but this was your true, authentic form. Completely relaxed. Still warm from the attention. Something flowy and loosely put together. Nothing tight that constrains you. And being some comfort in yourself and with me, that you could just... Be. Your true feminine self. I couldn't feel more proud of myself for acting and doing what I could to help you find this peace in yourself, and in us.

"I'm starting to get hungry", I whispered, you smiling at my joke. 



## 2 - Chop Sticks

Dinner was cosy, intimate and delicious. They brought the food to a secluded place where we could be by ourselves and try all the incredible things. We decided to come in just with the robes, still in trance after the treatment, and after each bite we couldn't help but to... Well, I have to admit it is kind of magical that, no matter how long we spend together, we never seem to tire of sharing, of unwrapping layer after layer of each other.. We were so relaxed that we just kept talking softly and slowly between bites. 

"Every day with you feels like a little adventure", you said, making me stop eating and stay quiet. "I mean, there are these big things", you gesture to the room, "and the crazy stuff, but also... The little things? You know?". I nodded. Of course I fucking knew. "For me", I answered, "it is all the little discoveries. I love finding a new side of you, or another thing you love, brand, joke, game... You are like an endless book of pages", I looked at you, forgetting about the food, "like reading my favourite book. But... It is endless? Like there is always something nice and surprising when I turn the page! Or a little bit more of what I already love". Your eyes smiled. It has been a long day of many smiles, but with the tiniest gesture, I could read in your face how grateful you felt. 

"I'm sorry I always interrupt you", "noooo it's ok, you have a way with words and... Yes. That's true". I held your eyes a bit longer. And then... You broke me. You dropped the chopsticks to reach your hand, pulled out the ring, and changed it hands. I couldn't stop grinning. 

We talked in the past about how challenging it is for me not to reach out to caress you when I feel you near, but I want to honour how important it is for you to feel in control of your space. So we came up with a silly game: it is ok for me to sometimes have contact, you feel safe with me, but if the ring is on the left hand, you would really love for me to reach and caress you more. I nodded. Happy. Reached for my glass. And cheered with you. 

Dinner took us an hour of very gentle eating and talking, during which you let me open some of those wide questions that I love to hear you discuss. I moved myself to sit on your side so we could feel our closeness still heating up from the spa. Soon after we finished the little sake we got, we decided to walk around the venue on the long route to the room, helping the food sit better.

The place was incredible. It transported us to Japan while still feeling homey. There was no need to talk, enjoying the soft rustle of the wind on the trees, which added to the quiet murmur of the other people around the venue. Well, and our funny flip-flops. We are still our dorky selves! After I closed the door of our room, giving you some space to find yourself, I found you looking over your shoulder, soft and naked, with the yukata falling halfway down your arm, staring at me. "I have to admit today's massage was amazing", you said with a smirk, "I could get used to that. Like... it would be really, really great, maybe having another one". You knew how to hit my weak spots, so you didn't wait to see my reaction and swayed your way to the bed... I can't get enough of how you move when you feel yourself. "Oh, shall I go out and ask the masseur..." I said right before you quickly shushed me, complaining that I never know when to drop a joke. 

I passed you my phone so you could pick some soft music, while I found something coconutty and soft to make my fingers slide. I turned down the lights. Put a towel nearby. And softly kissed the back of your head before starting anything. "Are you sure? Is it ok?" I mentioned, never scared of seeking confirmation again, while you nodded and let your eyes be closed by my hand. I breathed in your scent. Kissed your hair again, causing you to twitch. And incorporated myself enough so I could start the dance.

I very gently unwrapped you from the robe, little by little, caressing and massaging every square inch that started touching the air. My fingers pressed and danced, putting the love and care that every one of your pores deserved. Starting from the shoulder and running down the muscles of your arms, your wrists, your hands, getting back to your shoulders to relax the neck, between your shoulder blades, moving through your tired back. Another stroke. There wasn't a single point that wasn't taken care of, nor any corner that was less special than the rest. There was no concept of time. Or expectations. You gasped.  Or really anything other than your soft skin reacting to every one of my moves, while I got to enjoy learning your language through touch, one curve at a time. I was incredibly lucky to see, love and kiss every single one of them; and I didn't skip any time on making sure they all felt seen.

There was a shift in you. Very quickly, probably on the second or third song, right when we were back to your neck from the left hand, so I could squeeze, in thanks, your ring; I could feel you stir a bit, relax, and surrender. I know of the challenges you have with touch, and I feel incredibly honoured that you wanted to give it a chance, but that moment was when I felt your body surrendering to the love. And I made sure to thank him (in Spanish body is masculine) the best way I could.

The yukata reached your hip bone, letting me spend my sweet time navigating your lower back, contouring over your hip bone, and coming back up through your ribs.. Every stroke caused your back to arch more ever so slightly, your body subconsciously seeking to elongate the contact. I adore your back, so strong, soft, feminine-- warm in every way that matters. The perfect canvas for my fingers to paint dreams. I couldn't stop looking at it, while my mind's eye was thinking how beautiful a Polaroid it would be... sometimes I wish you could see yourself with my eyes, so you understand how magical you are. I gave some final strokes with my palm travelling through your entire back before, not without kissing the back of your hair first, I covered it with the towel to keep you warm while I slid down to your feet and ankles to start the second act of the dance. 

Your tense, strong and delicate legs gave enough resistance to my fingers to create a delicious game: how hard or soft should the strokes be? The feet liked it assertive, while the calves seemed to enjoy me barely brushing my fingers.... and all that was orchestrated from your moans, sighs and reactions. It was truly my favourite kind of puzzle. One that almost managed to distract me from the fact that, even with me being as gentle as I could, the strokes and the positions were making the yukata slide up and open enough to start making me sigh and moan with you... while you were so entranced by the sensation of having my total and complete attention that you couldn't mind or notice. My breath caught when I saw the robe slip that inch further. 'This is about you, not me, ' I reminded myself, not without enjoying the beautiful painting I was blessed to witness. 

My hands reached the back of your knees, starting to work on your always-worked-on thighs and quads. I remembered the times you yelped, trying to relax your muscles with the massage gun. I closed my eyes so I could better attune to the resistance of your skin, making sure the assertiveness of my touch gets accompanied by the tenderness your legs deserve. My thumbs traced another circle. And another. One hand slid up, using my palm as a counterweight, while the other reached down. One. And Two. And one. And... your gasp woke me from the trance, making me open my eyes to find your robe completely out of place, and your eyes open staring at me, waiting to see my reaction when I would come back to my senses. Fuck. 

By your smile, my reaction didn't disappoint you at all.

# Ch3 - Sticks and Bones

Something inside me clicked. I could feel the heat building up on my chest, the cork that contained my self-control about to explode. 

I looked into your eyes, squinting due to your naughty smile, bit my lip, and without any shame, walked my eyes slowly down through your body while my fingers kept sliding and dancing on the back of your thighs, very slowly inching higher and higher. 

I appreciated your feminine uncovered shoulder, your back snatched by the robe, your hips accentuated by the pose (your right knee had bent and slid up the bed as part of the massage), the curve of your ass softly lifting the bottom of the fabric... the softness between your thighs, glistening with hours—or weeks, really—of care, tease and heat. I exhaled. And deeply inhaled. Feeling your scent added to the smell of the moment. Another click inside of me. The cork is truly about to pop. 

My left hand, without fear, slid with pressure all the way up to the end of your leg, moving my finger and causing your outer labia to open up, gifting me an even better view. My eyes went back to yours, as you couldn't take your sight off my reactions. "You can't relax for a massage if you keep looking at me", I whispered, "Oh, I've been very relaxed already, who said I want to relax now?". 

Your lower back arched, and you stretched like a cat, knowing that there is no danger she can't handle. I strongly grabbed your left cheek, warning you what your teasing would cause, causing you to spread enough that we could hear your moist, inviting me in. You moaned. The cork popped. 

I climbed up your head, making you feel my weight on your back, including how my body was reacting to your painting. I bit the top of your ear. "I'll need you to be very clear on when you want me to stop", I said, my hands massaging the top of your hip bone causing your robe to completely rid up your bum so you could feel my manhood on it, solely cover by my robe, "there is no expectation and I would be happy also stopping right now... But you have me with very little blood up my brain, so I need you to be very direct if anything it's too much". You nodded. And our throats stopped caring about words to communicate in a more primal way. 

My kisses hopped all the way down your body, with no hurry but clear determination. I made every corner feel seen and loved, making every exposed patch of skin warm, covering them with my lips. Till I reached the bottom of your robe, still resting on your hip, and putting both hands under you, grabbing your hip bones from beneath, I gently lifted my plate to enjoy my dessert. 

I started by kissing, biting and licking your juicy cheeks that drove me mad so many times; using my entire face to play with them, causing your lips to spread and that magical sound of wetness to cause my feral side to completely wake up. When your body couldn't stop thrusting and bending, begging me for some direct attention, I used my hands to firmly lock you in place and slid my nose between your cheeks all the way down till you felt by warm breath hitting your eager pussy. I inhaled again, savouring the scent, and put my flattened tongue over the place where you throbbed for more to then slide it so very, very slowly till the bottom of your entrance. I moaned, enjoying the feeling of your legs trembling. "Fuck, you taste good", you hear me saying, feeling the vibration of my words through your lips. 

I repeated the lick again. And again. Never get enough of your taste, but controlling myself enough not to add any hurry. I used my hands to accommodate you so I could enjoy my time exploring, very slowly, every corner of you, playing with my tongue between your lips, and never giving too much direct attention to your clit. Not yet. You felt my tongue hard sliding inside your tunnel, my tongue soft dancing with each other of the lips, my teeth holding and softly biting the outer labia, my lips kissing your inner thighs when a rest was needed... And I learned from your reaction what worked well and what made you wild. 

Your desperation was yelling at me, and when I felt the tease was comparable enough to the hell you like to put me through, I invited you to the party, taking my sweet time to dance with it. Your body shakes and seeks my contact, always wanting to make it just a tiny bit less soft, and I have to use my hands to lock you in place so you can feel completely mine and blessed to be in my hands. 

We danced in circles, strokes, you felt my warm breath and the vibration of my deep voice humming inside of you-yes, of course I couldn't stay quiet. I was emotional, my time was too much to listen to your pleas, saying you wanted to feel me inside. I dreamt of feeling your body collapse between my lips and your pussy pulsating under my tongue. But you were also so. Fucking. Inviting. There was a point I couldn't help myself and, asking a last kiss and bite of your ass, I walked up your body again to bite your ear again. "Are you sure you want this?".

You nodded effusively, feeling the head of my manhood resting at your entrance, "I, for sure, fucking. Need. You", every word accompanied but a short slide in till you could feel my entirety inside of you, taking a moment at the bottom to accommodate ourselves to this new feeling. And we stayed there, quiet but whole, knowing we had stepped into something entirely new. A new feeling. A new chapter. A new... life.
